hey Expo TV I'm TJ and now I'm going to
talk to you about my game boy micro the
micro received a lot of criticism when
it originally came out because it's the
third or fourth rehash of the game boy
advance that Nintendo has come out with
so if you already own a Game Boy Advance
you probably don't want to waste your
money on a micro but if you don't own a
Game Boy Advance I'd highly recommend
the micro as the model to pick up unless
you're planning and getting a d/s this
thing is a really small this you could
throw it in your pocket even like really
tight pockets or cell phone pockets it
fits into the screen is incredibly
bright and the speaker is really loud I
forgot how to turn it on speakers really
loud but a problem with this thing is
that when you're playing your thumb
tends to cover the speaker so you're not
going to really get a whole lot of use
as a speaker it has a headphone jack use
headphones when you're playing this
because otherwise you're going to cover
up the speaker you're not going to hear
anything the d-pad is one of the best
handheld deep as I've ever used its it
feels really good is really functional
the L&R buttons feel kind of cheap they
don't really I don't really feel like
the original Game Boy Advance handheld
buttons these are really annoying these
are the start and select buttons and
having to go down here and press these
awkward and small buttons it just they
could have put a better design into that
other than that it has this weird kind
of volume switch which you have to click
up and down that's really not as
convenient as the original game boy
advance is wheel but what you really
want to see is the screen this screen is
amazing it's smaller but it has the same
resolution as the original Game Boy
Advance screen so it looks a lot sharper
it looks a lot crisper it plays a all
game boy advance games unfortunately it
doesn't play regular gameboy games Game
Boy Color games DS games all it plays is
Game Boy Advance so if you're looking
for backwards compatibility this is not
what you should be looking at but has an
internal rechargeable battery it's
really small it's the sexiest
he'll die all sexy handheld I own I
carry it everywhere with me gameboy
micro I love this thing